Li Feng, you scared me
Not even a cold
I have cancer.
Do you think this is funny?
Where are we going?
To meet the client
Is it necessary to dress up so beautifully when meeting clients?
Do you think I want to?
I'm not for this family yet
Go cook
My parents, I can't spare you.
Why are you still dumbfounded when you didn't hear Li Qiu's words?
I don't know what Li Qiu thinks
Bring back a trash like you
Don't forget who you are
Please make it live every time you don't want to talk to me like this
Li Feng, what are you doing?
Li Feng, are you crazy?
He actually threw something in front of us
Do you know how much this bottle is worth?
I drank
How did you drive me crazy?
Do you know what you're talking about?
Delicious and delicious food for you to give me such an attitude?
Delicious and delicious food for me
Why don't I make money?
I am also a supervisor with an annual salary of hundreds of thousands in the company
I am regarded as powerless by you
Even sick
No one cares about me
But I have no activity.
Next round
I want to divorce you